Elon shared this at a l base camp and I
think it reflects a lot of his
philosophy around how he builds uh
cultures and teams so you have two teams
the Japanese team has four rowers and
one steerer and the American team has
four steerers and one rower and can
anyone guess when the American team
loses what do they do they fire the
rower and Elon shared this example I
think as a reflection of how he thinks
about hiring the right people building
the right people building the right
teams at the right ratio from working so
closely with folks like these incredible
leaders what have you learned I would
say definitely Elon runs his compan is
in extremely unique style I don't
actually think that people appreciate
how unique it is you sort of like even
read about in some what you don't
understand it I like to say that he runs
the biggest startups so he likes very
small strong highly technical teams I
would say at companies by default they
sort of like the teams grow and they get
large Elan was always like a force
against growth I would have to work and
expend effort to hire people I would
have to like basically plead to hire
people and the other thing is that big
companies usually you want um it's
really hard to get rid of low performers
and I think Elon is very friendly to by
default getting getting rid of low
performers so I actually had to fight
for people to keep them on the team
because he would by default want to
remove people so keep a small strong
highly technical team uh no middle
management that is kind of like uh
non-technical for sure number two is
kind of like The Vibes of how this is
how everything runs and how it feels
when he sort of like walks into the
office he wants it to be a vibrant place
people are walking around they're pacing
around uh they're working on exciting
stuff they're charting something they're
coding he doesn't like stagnation he
doesn't like to look for it to look that
way he doesn't like large meetings he
always encourages people to like leave
meetings if they're not being useful so
actually do see this or you know it's a
large meeting and some if you're not
contributing and you're not learning
just walk out and this is like fully
encouraged and I think this is something
that you don't normally see maybe part
of that also is like I think a lot of B
bigger companies they like pamper
employees I think like there's much less
of that it's like the the culture of it
is you're there to do your best
technical work and there's the intensity
and and so on maybe the last one that is
very unique and very interesting and
very strange is just how connected he is
to the team usually a CEO of a company
is like a remote person five layers up
who talks to their VPS who talk to their
you know reports and directors and
eventually you talk to your manager it's
not how he R companies right like he
will come to the office he will talk to
the engineers many of the meetings that
we had were like 50 people in the room
with Elon he talks directly to the
engineers he doesn't want to talk just
to the VPS and the directors normally
people would talk spend like 99 % of the
time maybe talking to the VPC he spends
maybe 50% of the time and he just wants
to talk to the engineers so if if the
team is small and strong then engineers
and the code are the source of Truth and
so they have the source of Truth not
some manager and he wants to talk to
them to understand the actual state of
things and what should be done to
improve it the degree to which he's
connected with the team and not
something remote is also unique and also
just like his large hammer and his
willingness to exercise it within an
organization so maybe if he talks to the
engineers and they bring up that you
know what's blocking you okay I I just I
don't have enough gpus to run my thing
and he's like oh okay and if he if he
hears that twice he's going to be like
okay this is a problem so like what is
our timeline and when when you don't
have satisfying answers he's like okay I
want to talk to the person in charge of
the GPU cluster and like someone dials
the phone and he's just like okay double
the cluster right
now like let's let's have a meeting
tomorrow from now on send me daily
updates until cluster is twice the size
and then they kind of like push back and
they're like okay well we have this
procurement set up we have this timeline
and Nvidia says that don't have enough
GP gpus and it will take 6 months or
something and then you get a rise of an
eyebrow and then he's like okay I want
to talk to Jensen and then he just kind
of like removes bottlenecks so I think
the extent to which he's extremely
involved and removes bottlenecks and
applies his hammer I think is also like
not appreciated so I think there's like
a lot of these kinds of aspects that are
very unique I would say and very
interesting and honestly like going to a
normal company outside of that is
definitely miss aspects of that I don't
think I hit in all the points but it is
very unique uh thing and uh it's very
interesting and yeah yeah uh yeah I
guess that's my brand